As long as you can help me meet the Dragon Emperor
I'll give you 1 million 1 million
10 million 10 million is enough
Excuse me.
I'm not short of money
One hundred million
One hundred million can change the fate of your life
You want to see the Dragon Emperor so much
Certainly.
Since he was born 5 years ago
The nine-nation coalition forces began to shock the world
He is my idol
I once swore I would never marry him in my life
He is also the only one in my heart
I see you really found me
Just help me once, okay?
I can help, but not in vain
I said I will definitely give you 100 million.
I don't want it.
What do you want?
I don't like your pride
I conquer
Conquer pair
But you don't have to sleep with me
Kiss me